README.md, before:

# Kenneth Liad's Personal Portfolio website

The user interface design for this project is based on the design available at [Original UI Design](https://github.com/sureshmurali/sureshmurali.github.io).

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)

## Demo

You can view a live demo of this project at [Demo Website](https://kennethliad1017.github.io).

## Getting Started

This section will guide you through the process of setting up and running the project on your local machine. Please follow these steps to get started.

### Prerequisites

List any prerequisites or requirements that developers need to have installed before using your app. Include links or instructions for installing them.

- [NodeJS][nodejs]

### Installation

Provide detailed installation instructions for your app. Include any necessary setup steps, configuration, or dependencies.

Follow these steps to clone the project and set it up locally:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine using Git:

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/kennethliad1017/kennethliad1017.github.io.git
   ```

2. First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Technologies Used

List of technologies, frameworks, and libraries used in this project. Provided links to their official websites or documentation.

- [Framer Motion][framer-motion]
- [TailwindCSS][tailwindcss]
- [NextJS][nextjs]
- [React Three Fiber][r3f]

[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/current
[framer-motion]: https://www.framer.com/motion/
[tailwindcss]: https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation
[nextjs]: https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/installation
[r3f]: https://docs.pmnd.rs/react-three-fiber/getting-started/introduction

Commit message:

Added copyright information and attribution for 3d assets

README.md, after:

# Kenneth Liad's Personal Portfolio website

The user interface design for this project is based on the design available at [Original UI Design](https://github.com/sureshmurali/sureshmurali.github.io).

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)

## Demo

You can view a live demo of this project at [Demo Website](https://kennethliad1017.github.io).

## Getting Started

This section will guide you through the process of setting up and running the project on your local machine. Please follow these steps to get started.

### Prerequisites

List any prerequisites or requirements that developers need to have installed before using your app. Include links or instructions for installing them.

- [NodeJS][nodejs]

### Installation

Provide detailed installation instructions for your app. Include any necessary setup steps, configuration, or dependencies.

Follow these steps to clone the project and set it up locally:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine using Git:

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/kennethliad1017/kennethliad1017.github.io.git
   ```

2. First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Technologies Used

List of technologies, frameworks, and libraries used in this project. Provided links to their official websites or documentation.

- [Framer Motion][framer-motion]
- [TailwindCSS][tailwindcss]
- [NextJS][nextjs]
- [React Three Fiber][r3f]

---

© 2023 Kenneth Liad. All rights reserved.

The 3D model of the SteamDeck utilized in this project is the property of Valve Corporation and is made available under the Creative Commons Attribution Non Commercial Share Alike 4.0 International license. For more details, please visit [Valve Corporation](https://store.steampowered.com/).
© 2019 Valve Corporation

Attribution for the following assets used in this project:

- Laptop: Sourced from [BlenderKit](https://www.blenderkit.com/)
- Headphone: Sourced from [BlenderKit](https://www.blenderkit.com/)
- Gaming Chair: Sourced from [BlenderKit](https://www.blenderkit.com/)

[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/current
[framer-motion]: https://www.framer.com/motion/
[tailwindcss]: https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation
[nextjs]: https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/installation
[r3f]: https://docs.pmnd.rs/react-three-fiber/getting-started/introduction
